
For more information, please see:

                      http://www.slicer.org

The 3D Slicer license below is a BSD style license, with extensions
to cover contributions and other issues specific to 3D Slicer.


3D Slicer Contribution and Software License Agreement ("Agreement")
Version 1.0 (December 20, 2005)

This Agreement covers contributions to and downloads from the 3D
Slicer project ("Slicer") maintained by The Brigham and Women's
Hospital, Inc. ("Brigham"). Part A of this Agreement applies to
contributions of software and/or data to Slicer (including making
revisions of or additions to code and/or data already in Slicer). Part
B of this Agreement applies to downloads of software and/or data from
Slicer. Part C of this Agreement applies to all transactions with
Slicer. If you distribute Software (as defined below) downloaded from
Slicer, all of the paragraphs of Part B of this Agreement must be
included with and apply to such Software.

Your contribution of software and/or data to Slicer (including prior
to the date of the first publication of this Agreement, each a
"Contribution") and/or downloading, copying, modifying, displaying,
distributing or use of any software and/or data from Slicer
(collectively, the "Software") constitutes acceptance of all of the
terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not agree to such
terms and conditions, you have no right to contribute your
Contribution, or to download, copy, modify, display, distribute or use
the Software.

PART A. CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT - License to Brigham with Right to
Sublicense ("Contribution Agreement").

1. As used in this Contribution Agreement, "you" means the individual
   contributing the Contribution to Slicer and the institution or
   entity which employs or is otherwise affiliated with such
   individual in connection with such Contribution.

2. This Contribution Agreement applies to all Contributions made to
   Slicer, including without limitation Contributions made prior to
   the date of first publication of this Agreement. If at any time you
   make a Contribution to Slicer, you represent that (i) you are
   legally authorized and entitled to make such Contribution and to
   grant all licenses granted in this Contribution Agreement with
   respect to such Contribution; (ii) if your Contribution includes
   any patient data, all such data is de-identified in accordance with
   U.S. confidentiality and security laws and requirements, including
   but not limited to the Health Insurance Portability and
   Accountability Act (HIPAA) and its regulations, and your disclosure
   of such data for the purposes contemplated by this Agreement is
   properly authorized and in compliance with all applicable laws and
   regulations; and (iii) you have preserved in the Contribution all
   applicable attributions, copyright notices and licenses for any
   third party software or data included in the Contribution.

3. Except for the licenses granted in this Agreement, you reserve all
   right, title and interest in your Contribution.

4. You hereby grant to Brigham, with the right to sublicense, a
   perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no charge, royalty-free,
   irrevocable license to use, reproduce, make derivative works of,
   display and distribute the Contribution. If your Contribution is
   protected by patent, you hereby grant to Brigham, with the right to
   sublicense, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
   royalty-free, irrevocable license under your interest in patent
   rights covering the Contribution, to make, have made, use, sell and
   otherwise transfer your Contribution, alone or in combination with
   any other code.

5. You acknowledge and agree that Brigham may incorporate your
   Contribution into Slicer and may make Slicer available to members
   of the public on an open source basis under terms substantially in
   accordance with the Software License set forth in Part B of this
   Agreement. You further acknowledge and agree that Brigham shall
   have no liability arising in connection with claims resulting from
   your breach of any of the terms of this Agreement.

6. YOU WARRANT THAT TO THE BEST OF YOUR KNOWLEDGE YOUR CONTRIBUTION
   DOES NOT CONTAIN ANY CODE THAT REQURES OR PRESCRIBES AN "OPEN
   SOURCE LICENSE" FOR DERIVATIVE WORKS (by way of non-limiting
   example, the GNU General Public License or other so-called
   "reciprocal" license that requires any derived work to be licensed
   under the GNU General Public License or other "open source
   license").

PART B. DOWNLOADING AGREEMENT - License from Brigham with Right to
Sublicense ("Software License").

1. As used in this Software License, "you" means the individual
   downloading and/or using, reproducing, modifying, displaying and/or
   distributing the Software and the institution or entity which
   employs or is otherwise affiliated with such individual in
   connection therewith. The Brigham and Women's Hospital,
   Inc. ("Brigham") hereby grants you, with right to sublicense, with
   respect to Brigham's rights in the software, and data, if any,
   which is the subject of this Software License (collectively, the
   "Software"), a royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use,
   reproduce, make derivative works of, display and distribute the
   Software, provided that:

(a) you accept and adhere to all of the terms and conditions of this
Software License;

(b) in connection with any copy of or sublicense of all or any portion
of the Software, all of the terms and conditions in this Software
License shall appear in and shall apply to such copy and such
sublicense, including without limitation all source and executable
forms and on any user documentation, prefaced with the following
words: "All or portions of this licensed product (such portions are
the "Software") have been obtained under license from The Brigham and
Women's Hospital, Inc. and are subject to the following terms and
conditions:"

(c) you preserve and maintain all applicable attributions, copyright
notices and licenses included in or applicable to the Software;

(d) modified versions of the Software must be clearly identified and
marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original
Software; and

(e) you consider making, but are under no obligation to make, the
source code of any of your modifications to the Software freely
available to others on an open source basis.

2. The license granted in this Software License includes without
   limitation the right to (i) incorporate the Software into
   proprietary programs (subject to any restrictions applicable to
   such programs), (ii) add your own copyright statement to your
   modifications of the Software, and (iii) provide additional or
   different license terms and conditions in your sublicenses of
   modifications of the Software; provided that in each case your use,
   reproduction or distribution of such modifications otherwise
   complies with the conditions stated in this Software License.

3. This Software License does not grant any rights with respect to
   third party software, except those rights that Brigham has been
   authorized by a third party to grant to you, and accordingly you
   are solely responsible for (i) obtaining any permissions from third
   parties that you need to use, reproduce, make derivative works of,
   display and distribute the Software, and (ii) informing your
   sublicensees, including without limitation your end-users, of their
   obligations to secure any such required permissions.
